I was six when I had the first chance to
learn what patience means my grandmother
gave me a magic box as a birthday
present which neither of us knew will
become a gift for life I became obsessed
with magic and at 20
I mean Kenan a matured of magician this
act of magic requires that I train my
doves to sit and wait inside my clothing
as the young magician I was always in a
rush to make them appear but my teacher
told me the secret to the success of
this magical act is to make my doves
appear only after they've waited
patiently in my tuxedo it has to be a
mindful kind of patience the kind that
took me some years to master when light
took me to Shanghai seven years ago the
mindful patience I learned became almost
impossible to practice in China where
everyone and everything is in a hurry
you need to outperform over 1.3 billion
other people to build a better life you
hacked the system bend the rules
circumvent the boundaries it is the same
when it comes to food except that when
it comes to food impatience can have
dire consequences in the haste to grow
more sell more 4,000 years of
agriculture in a country of rich natural
resources is spoiled by the overuse of
chemicals and pesticides in 2016 the
Chinese government revealed half a
million food safety violations in just
nine months alarmingly one in every four
diabetics in the world now comes from
China the stories around food are scary
and somewhat overwhelming and I told
myself it's time to bring a mindful
patience into the impatience when I say
mindful patience I don't mean the
ability to wait
I mean knowing how to act while waiting
and so while I wait for the day when a
sustainable food system becomes a
reality in China I launched one of
China's first online farmers market to
bring local organically grown produce to
families when we went live 18 months ago
the food we could sell then was somewhat
dismal we had no fruit and hardly any me
to sell as none that we sent to the lab
passed our zero tolerance test tore
pesticides chemicals antibiotics and
hormones I told her just employees that
we will not give up until with met every
local farmer in China today we supply
240 types of produce from 57 local
farmers after almost one year of
searching we family found chemical-free
bananas grown in the backyard of
villagers on Hainan Island and only two
hours away from Shanghai on an island
that even Google math does not have
coordinates for we found a place where
cows eat grass and roam free under the
blue sky we also work hard on logistics
we deliver our customers orders in as
fast as three hours on electric vehicles
and we use biodegradable reusable boxes
to minimize our environmental footprint
I have no doubts that our offerings will
continue to grow but it will take time
and I know a lot more people are needed
to shape the future of good food so last
year I founded China's first food tech
accelerator and VC platform to help
start up to shape the future of good
food the way they want be that through
using animal insects as a more
sustainable source of protein or using
essential oils to keep food fresh for
longer so you may still ask why are you
trying to build a sustainable food
system by driving a patient movement in
a country where it's almost a crime to
take it slow
because for me the real secret to
success is patience a mindful kind of
patience that requires knowing how to
act while waiting the kind of patience I
learned with my grandmother's magic box
after all we do not inherit the earth
from our ancestors we borrow it from our
children thank you
[Applause]
[Music]